No matter what professional field you get into you will probably have
a number of professional organizations they can be of assistance to
you in doing your job and getting promoted. Sometimes these may be associations,
professional associations, sometimes they may be sections
of the military for instance they're in charge of getting you trained
and educated to move up the ranks so you have to be alerted. So
in my case I was able to move ahead in the military because there were
a number of schools that were set up in their number of curricula
set up that would encourage you to proceed further in cryptology about
a lot of the work and if you could tell cryptology was personal
study you know I could talk to you for hours about the history of cryptology
and the military throughout the ages and and that was all
part of my skill as a cryptologist. I also have studied a plethora of
foreign languages so that when we were in Vietnam for instance I was
to go to the linguist when somebody heavy foreign language they recognize
they would bring it to me and say what languages is it and
I would be able to tell not because that military training helped me
learn that because my own private study had exposed me to those languages
someplace where I can remember what they were like and that was
that was useful. In the civilian world, the association of computing
machinery (ACM) which is the major professional organization for
people doing research in the computers and computer usage and they've
been very good about keeping me informed about what's going on what
jobs are available. So find out what your field has for professional
organization and join up you should do that. In the Navy, I belong
to the Naval institute which publishes proceedings which is a monthly
magazine discussing naval issues also important to me.